PARA ATHLETICS - FIX PACK
=========================

Fixes your existing app. No database, no .env file, no new settings.
Your configuration stays exactly as it is.


ELEVEN FILES, TWO PLACES
------------------------

Into  Desktop\para-athletics\
    server.js
    raza.js          (new file)
    package.json

Into  Desktop\para-athletics\public\
    admin.html
    entries.html
    login.html
    athletes.html
    reset-data.html
    startlist-referee.html
    startlists-results.html
    startlists-export.html

The other 17 pages stay exactly as they are. Do not change them.


BACK UP FIRST
-------------
Easiest way: copy the whole folder. In File Explorer, right-click
para-athletics, choose Copy, then Paste. You get a copy you can go
back to if anything goes wrong.


TEST ON YOUR COMPUTER
---------------------
cd Desktop\para-athletics
npm install
node server.js

Open http://localhost:3000

Check these five:
  1. Remove ONE athlete from an event      - used to fail silently
  2. Remove ALL athletes from an event     - used to do nothing
  3. Change a mark, then look at results   - used to show the old value
  4. Open live.html and medals.html        - used to show nothing
  5. Leave live.html open in one tab and change a mark in another.
     The first tab updates by itself within about 3 seconds.

Ctrl+C stops the server.


PUT IT LIVE
-----------
cd Desktop\para-athletics
git add .
git commit -m "Fix entry deletion, mark updates and live refresh"
git push

Wait 2 to 5 minutes. Your site updates by itself.


WHAT WAS WRONG
--------------
DELETING ENTRIES
Your delete buttons put the password in the address twice. Express 5
reads a repeated setting as a list rather than as text, so the check
failed and the server answered "not allowed" - silently, because the
page never looked at the answer. Only those two buttons did this,
which is exactly what you reported.

PUBLIC PAGES SHOWING NOTHING
Reading entries and marks required a password. live.html, medals.html
and the display pages send none, so they were refused their data.

MARKS NOT UPDATING
Saving a mark added a new row instead of replacing the old one, and
the results page showed the FIRST row it found - the very first value
that athlete was ever given. Corrections appeared to do nothing.

DELETE ALL
"Delete all" came after "delete one" in the code, so the word "all"
was read as an athlete's ID. It deleted nothing and reported success.

POINTS
Combined-class events used an invented formula. They now use the
official World Para Athletics Raza table, taken from their own
calculator spreadsheets. In a combined F33/F34 shot put the old maths
put the F34 athlete first; official Raza puts F33 first.

THE PASSWORD WAS INSIDE EIGHT PAGES
Anyone could read it by viewing the page source, and changing it on
the server broke those pages. They now take it from the address, or
from the cookie the server sets when you log in.

TEAM ENTRY STAYED OPEN, ON PURPOSE
team-entry.html is how visiting clubs submit their squad, and those
managers have no admin password. It is the one thing a member of the
public is meant to be able to send in, so it is left open, exactly as
it was before. It also never auto-refreshes, so a manager typing a
whole squad does not lose the work.

THREE PAGES HAD NO PROTECTION AT ALL
Anyone who knew the address could open them:
  reset-data.html          wipes the entire competition
  startlist-referee.html   saves marks
  startlists-results.html  saves marks
They now ask for the password, like admin, entries and athletes.


LIVE UPDATING - NOTHING TO SET UP
---------------------------------
Public pages refresh themselves within about 3 seconds of a mark being
entered. You do not need to edit any page: the server adds the small
piece of code as each page is sent.

Updating by themselves:
  index, live, medals, athletes-public, event, mobile, schedule,
  result-booklet, and all five display pages

Deliberately NOT, so nothing reloads while someone is typing:
  admin, entries, athletes, login, team-entry, reset-data,
  startlist-referee, startlists-results


CHANGING THE PASSWORD
---------------------
Best way, because the password stays out of your code:
in the Render dashboard go to your service, then Environment, and add

    ADMIN_PASSWORD = your-new-password

Avoid the # character.

To change it for testing on your own computer, open server.js and find
this line near the top:

    const ADMIN_PASSWORD = process.env.ADMIN_PASSWORD || 'admin123';

Replace admin123 with your own. All eight pages follow automatically -
that was the point of taking the password out of them.


ONE THING FOR LATER
-------------------
Your data still lives in files that Render erases when the service
restarts or sleeps after 15 idle minutes. That has always been true of
this app and is not something this fix pack changes. Keep your entries
in a spreadsheet as the real record.
